---
layout: post
title: 4 Buyer Tips
date: 2021-07-13 00:00:00
tags:
  - Triad Real Estate Buyer Tips
  - Triad Real Estate
excerpt: What we do for our buyer clients to get their offers accepted.
enclosure: >-
  https://vyralmarketing.s3.amazonaws.com/Jason+Bramblett/Videos/2021/4+Buyer+Tips.mp4
pullquote: Sometimes a rejected offer is not the agent’s fault.
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/bramblett.jpg
youtube_code: 1JVRfPxk3Jw
---
{% include youtube.html %}

{% include excerpt.html %}

*“Mr. Bramblett,*

*We've been working with a friend who happens to be an agent. We've made eight offers on homes but none have been accepted. Our agent says that part of the reason we're not getting accepted is that we're first-time buyers. We're open to changing companies but want to know what you can do to help us get a home soon.”*

*\- James and Tracy*

I'm hearing this not only from James and Tracy, but from social media chatter as well. A lot of real estate agents are getting thrown under the bus with folks saying, “My agent can't do this, and I can't get an offer accepted.” Sometimes it's not the agent at fault. It could be, but sometimes it’s actually the type of financing you have or you might be looking at the wrong property. We have been fortunate through COVID to be able to help dozens of families that had these same kinds of issues. After digging through the hundreds of offers that we have coming into our office every week, 99% of the time a rejection comes down to four basic reasons.

**1\. Communication.** We have found that the right conversations with the owner or the listing agent are key to getting into consideration. Otherwise, you're just a scrap of paper.

**2\. Reputation.** We sell a lot of homes and have for two decades. I'd say 99% of the listing agents know us and how we operate. We adopt that listing agent into our process and make their job as easy as we possibly can.

{% include pullquote.html %}

**3\. Avoid fighting.** The last thing you want to do as a real estate agent is fight with the other side.

**4\. Set up proper expectations for the buyer.** We have a 0% fall-through rate because we've taken the time to prepare our buyers.

If you have any questions about real estate matters or are looking to buy or sell, please don’t hesitate to give us a call.
